I've got three more questions.
If you had the fiscal capability to make a very large gift to Texas A&M, for what purpose would you want that gift to be used?
Somebody walks up to you and gives you a check for a million dollars, says you've got to pass this on to A&M, but you decide what they do with it.
I don't know if I can answer that many times.
Do you have any favorite things at A&M that you wish they could do?
I think that the school and the engineering profession would be better off would gain if there was I'm not saying that every engineering student should should be required to take say a six-year academic course to graduate in engineering but I think there should be
maybe an endowment, maybe a way to take those students who are so turned to where they would get maximum benefit from additional.
And I don't know that it necessarily has to be graduate, or what we call graduate studies nowadays.
That doesn't hurt, of course, and that's beneficial.
but there may be some other things that could be done to enlarge, enhance.
I would be interested in doing something the engineers do.
To what A&M former students or faculty or staff, to what Aggies do you feel greatest gratitude?
To whom do you feel a debt of gratitude?
I suppose that it's those that went before me.
Any particularly in name?
I think for them, all of those
that went before developed an atmosphere, a way of doing things, a tradition if you want to call it that, although that's, I don't know if I put that, put emphasis on the traditions in the way that traditions are normally thought of around here.
Are there some people that helped you that you're really grateful to?
Connected with the university?
As teachers or advisors or buddies?
Well, Mr. Orr helped me to get started.
Mr. Buchanan helped me.
Fred Benson helped me.
Bob Shiller helped me.
Bob Galloway helped me.
I feel a debt of gratitude to all of those teachers that put up with me for four years and passed on engineering thought and wisdom and
of problem solving that I think have stood me in pretty good stead throughout the years.
Unless you think of some things we've left out, I've only got one more question.
Anything we've not talked about that you wanted to be sure to include?
I don't recall anything.
The last question then is, what feelings do you carry in your heart today for Texas A&M?
How do you feel about A&M today, you personally?
I still think it's a fine school.
I still wake up some mornings not really sure that I
got that degree, and I've reached down and feel that if I've still got that ring on my finger, it's a, I guess it's a sense of gratitude for the school, and particularly the people that made up the school, and including the students that were there with me.
The whole experience was one that was, was and is a good thing, I think.
That's splendid.